From master storyteller Vernon Howard ...

The Devil's Convention

"It was the annual convention time for the devils in hell. You know, they meet yearly and we frequently look in on it. It is convention time again.

Picture a huge auditorium down in the depths of the earth, ten thousand chairs for devils, demons, evil spirits, all sorts of malicious forces, all gathered there with Satan himself of course as the master of ceremonies, the one in charge of things. And so they all start to gather for the week-long yearly convention. And one of the interesting features of it this particular year was that a lot of the devils attended in their human body forms and in their uniforms and their robes and their expensive business suits, leaders of society, humanitarians.

There were several women there who were famous throughout the world for their humanitarian efforts in helping the poor. And you often saw these women on television; they had their religious garb on and they would have the proper facial expression. The best scene of course is where they are wandering around a big hospital with children - children are better than adults for the hypocrisy of it all - wandering around looking concerned, looking sad. And it is also best to make the scene more impressive to the world on television if several people are in back of this great humanitarian woman, followers; see she's so great that she has people following her to bring her a glass of water or whatever.

So all the other devils, some of them came in their natural evil spirit forms. You could see them, you know, like outlines, like they show a ghost on television, you could see that, some of them came that way. But those who came in human form were the sensation of the convention. A group of demons would stand off to one side: 'Look, that great famous world leader, I didn't know that he was one of us.' Another said, 'Look at that woman over there, she writes newspaper columns, is on television; she's one of us; I didn't know that, isn't that nice, that's great.'

So they came to the convention and the devil himself, Satan himself, opened the convention and called for the chaplain to deliver the opening curse, instead of a prayer, a curse upon the world, which he did. And he announced the theme for this convention, which was, Let's make Hell Hotter for human beings. And they all cheered the theme and agreed to rush out after the convention and work twice as hard as before to make people sick and miserable and scared.

See, the devils understood that a scared human being, the more scared he is, frightened he is, the more evil he will be. If you want to make a man or woman evil, make them scared and that's very easy when you're a cunning devil, to threaten them, do all sorts of things."

   
The Truth About This World - MP3 CD, track 1

anewlife.org



